Comparison between CDRPM and JDRPM fits and their associated algorithms, in
the simulated data scenario.
Comparison between CDRPM and JDRPM fits and their associated algorithms, in
the real-world scenario.
Comparison of JDRPM fits, in the simulated data scenario, on a dataset with missing values
Comparison of JDRPM fits, in the real-world scenario, on a dataset with missing values

Lagged ARI values of CDRPM and JDRPM fits, in the simulated data scenario.
Lagged ARI values of CDRPM and JDRPM fits, in the real-world scenario.
Lagged ARI values of JDRPM fits, in the simulated data scenario, on a dataset
with missing values
Lagged ARI values of JDRPM fits, in the real-world scenario, on a dataset with
missing values.

Clusters estimates produced by CDRPM and JDRPM fits, in the simulated data
scenario. Time instants are annotated on the x axis, units are indicated vertically by their number,
and colors represent the cluster label.
Clusters estimates produced by JDRPM fits, in the simulated data scenario, on
a dataset with missing values. Time instants are annotated on the x axis, units are indicated
vertically by their number, and colors represent the cluster label.

Fitted values of CDRPM (middle) and JDRPM (bottom) fits, in the simulated data
scenario, alongside the generated target values (top).
Fitted values of CDRPM (middle) and JDRPM (bottom) fits, in the real-world
scenario, alongside the generated target values (top).
Fitted values of JDRPM fit, in the simulated data scenario, with missing values in
the target variable. Special square markers are devoted to the data points which were missing,
highlighting the gaps between the fitted values on the full dataset (green) and the fitted values on
the dataset with missing values (red).
Fitted values of JDRPM fit, in the real-world scenario, with missing values in
the target variable. Special square markers are devoted to the data points which were missing,
highlighting the gaps between the fitted values on the full dataset (green) and the fitted values on
the dataset with missing values (red).


Visual representation of the clusters estimates produced by CDRPM and JDRPM
fits, in the simulated data scenario. Cluster labels are represented as colored dots overlaid to the
trend of the target variable.
Visual representation of the clusters estimates produced by CDRPM and JDRPM
fits, in the real-world scenario.
Visual representation of the clusters estimates produced by JDRPM fit, in the
simulated data scenario, on a dataset with missing values. Cluster labels are represented as
colored dots overlaid to the trend of the target variable, with special point markers devoted to
data points corresponding to missing values.


